English Curriculum: Block 14 (#59282)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/24-b1-english-for-developers/learn-how-to-use-modal-verbs/67d839c6ac9ce79b6ea7745d.md

---
id: 67d839c6ac9ce79b6ea7745d
title: Task 143
challengeType: 19
dashedName: task-143
---

<!-- (audio) Lisa: This will help us understand the extent of the breach and what they might have taken. -->

# --instructions--

Listen to the audio and answer the question below.

# --questions--

## --text--

What is the reason for running a full scan?

## --answers--

To permanently shut down the system.

### --feedback--

Lisa is not focused on shutting everything down.

---

To automatically fix all security issues.

### --feedback--

A full scan does not automatically fix everything.

---

To understand how serious the breach is and what data may have been taken.

---

To check which employees accessed the system last.

### --feedback--

Lisa does not want to review employee access logs.

## --video-solution--

3

# --explanation--

> `Extent` means how large, serious, or severe something is. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Extent` refers to the degree, scope, or limit of something. It's often used to describe how large, serious, or severe something is. For example:
```

> - `We don't know the extent of the damage yet.` - We are not sure how bad the damage is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `We don't know the extent of the damage yet.` - You are not sure how bad the damage is.
```
